This is the repository of my Physics 10th grade book (in the greek educational system) written with LaTeX. This book is about elementary mechanics, specifically basic types of motion in a straight line, Newton's laws and Kinetic and Potential Energy, covering the 10th grade syllabus.

It is the combined result of notes and exercises coming from more than 15 years of teaching experience, both as a private tutor and also as a Physics professor at a greek tutoring school. It contains hundreds of solved and unsolved exercises and the idea is to keep updating it with new ones. It includes exercises coming from the Ministry of Education 'Bank of Exercises' and it is designed so as to offer the teacher solved examples to show in class and similar unsolved ones to be solved in the classroom, on the book, before moving on to unsolved ones that are supposed to be given as extra material or homework.

This design has come about, from the fact that I'm a firm believer that education is undergoing a huge phase transition. Specifically, it has come to my attention that over the years students become less inclined in being proactive with studying at home, (an observation that may or may not have societal roots, but I won't elaborate on my beliefs here), and even more so, with the huge factor of LLMs and Deep-Learning coming into play. It looks like it will soon (if not already) be completely impossible to tell whether homework was done by a student or by a machine.

Instead of fighting this phase transition, we should embrace it and change the educatinal paradigm of homework. The majority of learning, at least at the level of highschool will have to be happening inside the classroom, and homework possibly be given as 'extra material' for those who really want to deepen their understanding, and not as a part of the grading process which will be heavily skewed from now on. I do not claim, that this book is an answer (in fact it's not even close) to the picture that I painted above, but I believe it is a way to implement a more classroom friendly approach to education, when coupled with a professor/teacher that has the same orientation as me.

Most of the exercise related pictures and graphs where made with Wolfram Mathematica notebooks, which will be included in the repository, but keep in mind that quite a few of them are "handmade" with Mathematica drawing tools. Some of the original pictures from the Ministry issued book where also used, as well as some of the pictures from the "Bank of Exercises", hence this book is not allowed to be sold without further licencing.

Feel free to use any part of it in whatever way you like except for profit :P because you'll be breaking the greek law!  

Lastly, I hear you ask "Oi stelio, what is the reason for a repository for a book that nobody will ever read?" Well, since I'm in the process of changing careers and diving into data science, the reason I made this repository is threefold: firstly it is a chance to sharpen my git skills a bit with work I've already done in the past years. Secondly, to showcase my basic LaTeX knowledge for future employers and lastly to show that I can deliver a product that nobody asked for and nobody will pay for. How awesome am I?
